STM32L476DISCOVERY
====================

The STM32LDiscovery has a STM32L476VGT6 microcontroller and an embedded ST-LINK/V2-1 debugging interface.

The microcontroller has the following specifications:

* 1 MByte Flash memory
* 128 KByte of RAM
* I2C interfaces (3 units)
* SPI interface (3 units)
* UART interface (6 units)
* CAN interface
* 12 bit ADC
* 12 bit DAC
* LCD driver
* Touch sensing
* USB OTG Full Speed interface
* Flexible memory controller

Additionally, the board has:

* LCD with 24 segments
* LEDs (red and green)
* Pushbutton
* Joystick
* Audio DAC
* MEMS (Gyroscope/Accelerometer/Magnetometer)
* 128 MBit Quad SPI Flash Memory
* Embedded Ammeter to measure comsumption of the STM32L476 microcontroller

The board can be powered by one of the following

* ST_LINK V2-1
* USB FS Connector
* External 5 V
* CR2032 battery

### Energy supply

### Serial interface

There are two serial interface that can be used during debugging.]

* There is a serial connection between target MCU STM32L476 and the host MCU (a STM32F103CBT6).
* There is a virtual serial connection, that shares the debug connections.

The serial connection

Signal      | Connector |  Jumper   |   Pin     |  AF  |  Device       |
------------|-----------|-----------|-----------|------|---------------|
USART RX    |  JP4 RX   |  SB16     |   PD6     |  7   |   USART2      |   
USART TX    |  JP4 TX   |  SB13     |   PD5     |  7   |   USART2      |
 
## A Step-By-Step Introduction to Software Development for the STM32L476G Discovery Board
 
* [Project 01: Very Simple Blinker](#project-01:-very-simple-blinker)
* [Project 02: Blinker using macros](#project-02:-blinker-using-macros)
* [Project 03: Blinker pin numbers](#project-03:-blinker-pin-numbers)
* [Project 04: Blinker using HAL for GPIO](#project-04:-blinker-using-hal-for-gpio)
* [Project 05: Blinker with reusable HAL for GPIO](#project-05:-blinker-with-reusable-hal-for-gpio)
* [Project 06: Blinker with Systick](#project-06:-blinker-with-systick)
* [Project 07: Joystick controls blinking](#project-07:-joystick-controls-blinking)
* [Project 08: Joystick using polling](#project-08:-joystick-using-polling)
* [Project 09: Joystick using interrupts](#project-09:-joystick-using-interrupts)
* [Project 10: Blinker with State Machine and Interrupts](#project-10:-blinker-with-state-machine-and-interrupts)
* [Project 11: Blinker with Predefined Symbols](#project-11:-blinker-with-predefined-symbols)
* [Project 12: Blink with HAL for LEDs](#project-12:-blink-with-hal-for-leds)
* [Project 13: Joystick with HAL for Joystick](#project-13:-joystick-with-hal-for-joystick)
* [Project 14: Using UART with Polling](#project-14:-using-uart-with-polling)
* [Project 15: Using UART with Interrupts TBT](#project-15:-using-uart-with-interrupts-tbt)  To be tested!
* [Project 16: Newlib TBT](#project-16:-newlib-tbt) To be tested!
* [Project 17: TimeTriggered](#project-17:-timetriggered)
* [Project 18: TimeTriggered v2](#project-18:-timetriggered-v2)
* [Project 19: Protothreads](#project-19:-protothreads)
* [Project 20: Rios](#project-20:-rios)
* [Project 21: SST](#project-21:-sst)
* [Project 22: WatchDog TBT](#project-22:-watchdog-tbt)  To be tested!
* [Project 23: FreeRTOS](#project-23:-freertos)
* [Project 24: ucos2 TBT](#project-24:-ucos2-tbt) To be tested!
* [Project 25: ucos3 TBT](#project-25:-ucos3-tbt) To be tested!
* [Project 26: Using the LCD](#project-26:-using-the-lcd)
* [Project 27: Getting the Temperature](#project-27:-getting-the-temperature)

## Project Description


#### Project 01: Very Simple Blinker

A very simple blinker using instruction counting to generate delay.

#### Project 02: Blinker using macros

The same as the previous one, but using macros to manipulate bits and bitfields. Delay is generated by instruction counting.

#### Project 03: Blinker pin numbers

The same as project 01 but using pin numbers for LEDs.

#### Project 04: Blinker using HAL for GPIO

#### Project 05: Blinker with reusable HAL for GPIO

#### Project 06: Blinker with Systick

#### Project 07: Joystick controls blinking

#### Project 08: Joystick using polling

#### Project 09: Joystick using interrupts

#### Project 10: Blinker with State Machine and Interrupts

#### Project 11: Blinker with Predefined Symbols

#### Project 12: Blink with HAL for LEDs

#### Project 13: Joystick with HAL for Joystick

#### Project 14: Using UART with Polling

#### Project 15: Using UART with Interrupts TBT

#### Project 16: Newlib TBT

#### Project 17: TimeTriggered

#### Project 18: TimeTriggered v2

#### Project 19: Protothreads

#### Project 20: Rios

#### Project 21: SST

#### Project 22: WatchDog TBT

#### Project 23: FreeRTOS

#### Project 24: ucos2 TBT

#### Project 25: ucos3 TBT

#### Project 26: Using the LCD

#### Project 27: Getting the Temperature


